"View is something that we are really going to woo. So that means we are going to see something,
see things according to the Nyingma school and particularly in the Tantra, divided into
that highlighted as three woo's. Those are known woo of the way things are, or seeing
exactly the reality or reality pairs of the way things are, seeing as a view of the way
things are, seeing exactly as it is, and then the view of the nature of the way things are,
and then seeing the view of one's own awareness, one's own yak, rupak, or the awareness, or
symbol I can say mind, nature of the mind seeing that. So now among that three, which is principle,
which according to the teaching, the third one, the woo, that woo's of the one's own
awareness is principle, because that which is really wooed object, that which is wooed
of the nature of the object, and then the woo of the natural of the one's own awareness.
So the final one, principle one, is the woo of the one's own awareness. And this time that woo,
what we are discussing of the object, the view of the reality, the view of the object of this
relative truth, and view of the nature of the related truths, this is, as I said, the other day,
and it is every simple word ever used, is the relative truth, the absolute truth. So seeing
the relative truth exactly as it is, exactly as it is, that means seeing the purity aspect of
reality
or relative truth as it is. The purity aspect of relative truth is, then everything in like the six
.
All five aggregates are enlightened. Five elements are enlightened. So all is a
conscious enlightened, as I said, five aggregates include those are conscious too. So it's all
enlightened. That is enlightened. And nature of the enlightened is, that five aggregates is
emptiness, or is openness. And I think that whenever you now know emptiness, what it means,
is emptiness means there is no substantial solid existence. All is like, is gathered of the
particles,
all different particles are really homed up and both, homed that. But reality level, there is no
substantial solid entity, entities at all. Whether we're thinking of the poem, whether we're
thinking
of the poem aggregates, whether we're thinking of the feeling aggregates, everyone, as if you
discount like, we, we nominated or we gotta hold that their, their formation and the continuation,
then we hold as homes. But reality really, that continuation is changing. And essentially, there's
no permanent state that is continually changing. And it's all the way the poem is also is, is all
the particles come together. It's not just came like that from the beginning spine. It's homed
newly. So this is a hallucination for that reason, immigration teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni used
examples as reflection moon in the waters, or illusions, all that as the appearance or the
perceptions of the daturas, daturas. And all, when you, when you see these perceptions, when you
see
these looks like is existed, but reality is just temporarily due to the different circumstances,
it appeared, but then no substantial solid exists. So according to teaching, the poem, this
external
poem, and our own poem is really constantly changing status. There's no substantial solid existing.
So therefore, it's called emptiness is like openness space, because why that changing is
happening? There's so many spaces, we do even looks like so solid, conquering, but it's changing,
it's moving constantly. So this is the space that each of particles are also if you break down,
there's no substantial solid entity, even the sliced ones. Those reasons in the teaching said,
is old. And those are the use, the reasons of logics, to discover. And then feelings,
perception, consultant, is the whole continuation. There's no solid existence.
So there's a discoverer of that innate nature, that even is a divine mandala, all this
enlightened state, yet it is display of the divine, display of the illusions of the divine,
or magic and disciplines. For that reason, the English teacher, Brother Hector Muniz said,
even there's something higher than enlightenment, that is magic, that is dreaming, that is illusion
.
There's nothing else. It didn't mean illusion, magic, and dream, that didn't mean that it's
unfunctionable, untrue. It's perfectly true. It functions exactly where things are there. It will
function in illusion perfectly. Illusion works on the illusions. The dream works on the dreams.
It's not something that is not good. This consumption is good or nothing. That is duality.
But reality, they own everything in the really open states. So that is what is like these three
words of this. All the poems are seen, the poems, every poem, are seen exactly as it is, as
enlightened,
and it is natural, are also in a magical emptiness or the Dharma, Dato status, as it is. Both these
empty poems and this emptiness are union status, and that is preceded by one's own awareness.
And the awareness itself is, is that what the nature of the awareness is? It's the emptiness.
So the view of the one's own awareness is emptiness, openness. There is no substantial
solid existing entities. So that is really the views, basically. Then, of course, there is more
kind of detail, specifically for views, and then according to Brother Chikin, Chikin's views of the
basic Buddhist schools, views of the Mahayana schools, views of the of the generally very
energy case, kind of highlighted that way. And the view of the basic Buddhist school,
Hungarian Buddhist school is then ego-less in the state. See, there is no ego existence at all
in any place in our form. We all, we always think of such as "I", but there is no substantive
really
existing. Any "E" "I", that if we look, which poem, what is how that poem, they call it a teaching,
and they say, is, we hold such as "I" or the ego, or identity, or such as name, for example.
My name is Campbell, Campbell 7. When people see, "Oh, he's Campbell's, he is." And I think also,
I'm Campbell's, Campbell's. But reality, what is this Campbell's? Campbell's is the continuation
of my poems, and then combination of the of the all these aggregates, or the poems,
limbs, and head, and everything kind of come together in a way, holding together, that holding
together, and the continuation, that continuation and holding together, we name as Campbell.
But reality, they say, "What is Campbell's?" There's no, that applies to everything. We hold with
titles, we hold this, but it's the only idea we name. It's not something solidly really existing.
So then similarly, "I", "I" or "I", "I am here, I am, I am not going to this." We just kind of,
without thinking, without analyzing, investigating, kind of presuming that, "Oh, I'm, I'm here,
I'm going to this and that." We, of course, it works in a relative department. This is nothing
wrong,
but we're talking of the reality exists and all. Reality did not exist. There's nothing. Then,
we do, for example, the fourth benefit of the "I" thinking. We do so many, so many activity,
videos, that un-beneficial activities, or we do so many activities to try to serve to our "I",
"I" in health, and then we get also so many different headaches.
No, no. That is what's called in the Buddha's teaching. Then we created so much
karmas, and then emotions such as them, of course, all different negative emotions arise with that
and create it. Even at the reality level, these emotions are also really empty. There's no solid
existence existing. That is not something that conquer existing. It's arising from emptiness.
It's happening to the emptiness, and then we perform in that, creating that, continue holding
that, and then there's also happening emptiness, and then dissolving, merging back to the emptiness
,
or to the way it comes from. So, what is there, actually? For that is nothing really existing,
solid, as we believe. For that reason, it's called emptiness. So, in Buddhism, the basic
Buddhist schools, or the fundraising Buddhist schools practice as egolessness, and that is not
just the basic Buddhist school. That is applied to the Mahayana and Vayayana too. That is the
foundation. So, it's an egolessness practice. So, view of the egolessness, and then that is view.
In the Mahayana teaching, above the egolessness, or self-egolessness, self-egolessness state,
and then they practice. Again, they've got to discover that there is not just self-ego-ness,
everything is empty. Everything is an illusion, illusion state. This is not something only that
eyes, the whole object and subject are really like magical. It's dreamlike. There's no
substantial solace existing, yet it's performing, and occasionally functioning perfectly on the
related level, or illusion level, but reality is not solid. Discovering that, exactly as it is,
is, that's the true egolessness in the Vayayana teaching. Self-ego-lessness and
phenomenal egolessness. That means not solid existing phenomenon too.
Above that, Vayayana sees, then that same thing, foundation the same, but then they discover again,
entirely everything is egolessness or the emptiness, yet it's combined with wisdom,
the great blissfulness, wisdom. So, wisdom and emptiness are union, all in a union status.
So, that's not just all. Emptiness is as an object. The only emptiness which is to discover
that emptiness is our mind. And mind is empty, and mind is wisdom and compassion states.
For those reasons, and the Mahayana, particularly Vayayana, highlighted, you hear the union of the
emptiness and compassion, everything in that status. That is the rule, meditating.
So, that is what's really about the rules now.